[Music]
from all over the world what a fuss
with the Miriam Sanchez thing what a
mafia well let's see I have to
tell you that I have invited Miriam Sanchez to
come by here during the
afternoon okay and she told me that she didn't want to
participate in any program or anything like that
because she wants to be anonymous
and that she's going to sue the
TV factory that's what she told me I can't
say anything else I wanted to bring her to
chat a little about what happened and
why Arga was dumped yesterday really
the reason why they
dumped her because of forgetfulness ants okay it was
a complete failure
the forgetfulness thing but it's that she didn't have
anything to say she forgot us okay what
must have happened is that they have agreed on an
interview with a good
traka traka
to resolve and settle the
looks operation that's simply okay all of you who
see that suddenly as she saw a
you already to Sydney and Wellington to whom we
send a kiss from here and we are
waiting  that their YouTube channel opens,
not all of you who see that it
suddenly appears out of nowhere on Telecinco
is because because they were involved
because they are victims of Operation
Luz, okay, there is no more for what it has
served them, in total, it has been a complete
failure tonight, let's see, I tell you
when we talk about a complete failure
we are comparing it with what this was,
like for example when we talk about
Win Michu's channel, not the decline of
Web Michelle, when seeing Win's channel,
a complete failure, but I would like that in
the bad moments the channel would be like that,
in the bad moments,
we are not talking about a failure in
Sálvame having 800,000 viewers and
111, okay, I wish we had
800,000 viewers here every day today,
imagine the counter with 800 thousand
viewers every day
[Music]